Who dares to make my daughter apologize?
Mom, you are here.
aunt
You came just in time, they're choreographing me
Uncle just said
Say what?
The four presidents were captured by Lord Tiger and the others
I want to make a phone call.
But can't get through
Trash is so impatient and still wants to chase my daughter
aunt
Tomorrow
The Heaven and Earth Alliance is going to hold a new alliance chief meeting
The four presidents are busy preparing
Isn't it normal to get through?
Oh, that's right.
How could I have forgotten something so important?
But it's Dad's phone that can get through?
Your dad hurts you
To celebrate your birthday
Heading back
Even if it is the Alliance Leader Conference
In his heart
It's not as important as the baby girl
I knew it.
I was almost intimidated by you guys
We really didn't bluff you.
shut up
Robbed my venue first today
He also arranged for my father and the other three chairpeople
I won't give you some color today.
Do you really not think of me as the princess of the Suzaku Club?
What about the princess?
Your dad's Suzaku Club is about to disband, right?
Where's the little bitch
How dare you choreograph our Suzaku Club like this
Come
Give me a torn mouth
Throw the Broad House down from upstairs
Yes
Happy birthday, Miss Zhenzhen
The gift my dad gave me has arrived